I'm here at Izone Medical to check out
the latest cutting-edge technology in
vision correction we're here with dr.
linda vu who is going to help us focus
on the big picture
dr. boo I have to say there are eye
clinics on every corner
what makes your office so different from
the others well we know that vision is
very important to people and if you're
going to decide to have LASIK you're
gonna need to put a lot of thought into
it at the center we've put in place what
we feel is the very best equipment
because to us patient safety and
accuracy is going to be paramount above
cost so we've chosen as our laser the
allegretto Wave laser and it has some of
the most superb features both for
accuracy and safety
maybe I've watched too many sci-fi
movies makes me a little apprehensive to
have a laser pointed right at my eye
how can you will leave my fear laser
surgery is actually a very simple
procedure that takes literally 15
minutes or less from start to finish and
so most patients do very well when use
eye drops to numb the eyes so there are
no needles involved the procedure in
fact is pretty simple for me I didn't
feel anything uncomfortable just light
down there next morning when I open my
eyes I think wow this difference after
the surgery everything exactly the same
like her promise now I don't need to any
well any classes so I just can go do
anything I want
what's so bad about sticking with
glasses or contacts what are the
benefits of leasing well certainly
glasses and contact lenses are very
effective ways to help you see better
but some people need more than one pair
of glasses to see everything and
although contacts can help relieve that
a little bit you still have to take them
in and out every day and wash them like
some people abuse your contact lenses
they're actually more risk with contacts
than there is with laser surgery and
likeness about wavefront technology it
sounds fascinating but what exactly is
it the wavefront technology has actually
been around for many many years because
the astronomers used it when they build
those big telescopes to help them see
the stars even better so they've taken
that technology and applied it to the
eye to try to get us better vision than
we've ever had before many people seem
to think that conventional LASIK is a
lot cheaper than wavefront LASIK is that
true standard LASIK certainly can give
you very good results but it is one of
the older technologies and now with us
being able to offer more precise
treatment to your eyes as well as good
financing options there really is no
need to settle when you calculate out
the cost of glasses and contact lenses
and solutions over the years LASIK is
still a very economical way to help you
see better on top of that with many of
the financing options available as today
LASIK can be very affordable and as low
as $30 a month I think I see things a
bit more clearly if you're tired of
replacing and upgrading your old glasses
and contacts don't give these guys a
call at one eight hundred five IM or
visit them at wwii medical comm